gateway: clean Cache-Control and Last-Modified (#436)
ipfs/specs: src/http-gateways/path-gateway.md

Returned directive depends on requested content path and format:

- `Cache-Control: public, max-age=29030400, immutable` MUST be returned for
  every immutable resource under `/ipfs/` namespace.

- `Cache-Control: public, max-age=<ttl>` SHOULD be returned for mutable
  resources under `/ipns/{id-with-ttl}/` namespace; `max-age=<ttl>` SHOULD
  indicate remaining TTL of the mutable pointer such as :cite[ipns-record] or DNSLink
  TXT record.
  - Implementations MAY place an upper bound on any TTL received, as
    noted in Section 8 of :cite[rfc2181].

>   - If TTL value is unknown, implementations SHOULD not send a `Cache-Control`
>     header and instead send a [`Last-Modified`](#last-modified-response-header) header.

Reviewer: @hacdias we may want to KEEP `Last-Modified`

```suggestion
  - If TTL value is unknown, implementations SHOULD not send a `Cache-Control`
  - No matter if TTL value is known or not, implementations SHOULD always
    send a [`Last-Modified`](#last-modified-response-header) header with the timestamp of the record resolution.
```

Rationale:

>  RFC9110 prefers that servers send both ETag and Last-Modified for a 200 response if possible. During cache revalidation, if both If-Modified-Since and If-None-Match are present, then If-None-Match takes precedence for the validator. If you are only considering caching, you may think that Last-Modified is unnecessary. However, Last-Modified is not just useful for caching; it is a standard HTTP header that is also used by [..]  **systems to display the last-modified time, by crawlers to adjust crawl frequency**, and for other various purposes. So considering the overall HTTP ecosystem, it is better to provide both ETag and Last-Modified. – [HTTP Caching at MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching)

Author: Seems reasonable to me.
